I'm with you the gameplay is a review on
update of the game subway surfers we again
go to and re done this by
because this sunday
most probably not most
big people all over the world will
to celebrate Easter oorem after all
associated with Easter exactly the time came up
a penalty like a crucifix let's
let's see what new brought us
developers naturally we will
collect the easter eggs get for
these are awards
besides all this, we again became
is available
character here he is by the way roberta and immediately
same he comes with this one
suit let's choose it this
here's a funny soccer player with a ball and
sportswear and a new suit
appeared in our character zoya which
zombies and let's see how i'm new
The costume looks basically different.
but not so significant shorts remained
the same has changed the blouse hairstyle
and glasses naturally appeared and new
board here it looks like this
football she and now we still have
The awards section has changed
real new vision and now we
We will receive various awards as you
see here are additional
different tasks to get here
such a golden spray
more accurately spray paint to you here
you need to do the job now
need to do need to purchase 30
characters
when you have 30 characters then you
you can pass this mission on it all
this here there are still such here
various cans of them you too you
can receive let's say by collecting
certain trophies so do all
tasks and so on
look directly at the game itself
angry here is this guard he's wearing a suit
easter bunny and look likely
even very nice and not as usual he is
cruel all
guard the cop who wants us
catch up and spank this time it's cute
easter bunny doggy however without
the costume would be very sorry for the people
waves see doggy too in costume
rabbit well and so in general can be noted
that toy is no significant
Changes not acquired everything remains so
same but with optimization all the same
recent updates make me happy
that the toy began to go as she
should they go like it was some
time that is, the developers released
the upgrade toy was very bad
optimized lagged and delivered a bunch
discomfort and because there were cutters
drop fps and so on here all the same
last update has become less
successful and no friezes drop fps i
I do not watch then I get the truth
the pleasure of this already old and
the people of the cult subway game
surfers here probably and everything that I wanted
tell you about this update
paint eggs bake kulich and play
subway surfer